README.md, before:

# todo_App

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Vue (Official)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Recommended Browser Setup

- Chromium-based browsers (Chrome, Edge, Brave, etc.):
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd)
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Chrome DevTools](http://bit.ly/object-formatters)
- Firefox:
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/vue-js-devtools/)
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Firefox DevTools](https://fxdx.dev/firefox-devtools-custom-object-formatters/)

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vite.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Revise README with project details and features
Updated project title and enhanced description with features.

README.md, after:

# To-Do List App de Aurélien.K

This repository contains a to-do list project develops with Vue JS. The App have many features :
  - Create custom tasks with different states : (To-Do, In Progress, Completed)
  - Contain statics of the number of tasks remaining
  - Change the level of priority of the task
  - Apply filter to the list of tasks
  - Responsive design for differents devices (tablet and computer)

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Vue (Official)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Recommended Browser Setup

- Chromium-based browsers (Chrome, Edge, Brave, etc.):
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd)
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Chrome DevTools](http://bit.ly/object-formatters)
- Firefox:
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/vue-js-devtools/)
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Firefox DevTools](https://fxdx.dev/firefox-devtools-custom-object-formatters/)

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vite.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```
